README.md, before:

<h1 align="center">
docGPT 📄
</h1>
<h2 align="center">
ChatGPT directly integrated into Google Docs 📑
</h2>


## Features 
- <b>Faster than [chat.openai.com](https://chat.openai.com)</b>
- <b>Free</b>
- <b>Live Chat Within Google Docs</b>
- <b>Text Completion</b>


## Usage

- **Google Docs**<br>
- **MS Word**<br>

### Google Docs

1. Get the template: https://docs.google.com/document/d/1N7qvw5mZdVe2u2IQ5pnVDmUjHsLEfq9_Z0Tf8PHloZA/edit?usp=sharing

2. Make a copy of the document

  ![alt text](https://i.imgur.com/YlWvBEzl.png)

3. Type something in your Google Doc

  ![alt text](https://i.imgur.com/287n0U0l.png)
  
4. Select your question, or whatever text you want to send to ChatGPT
  
  ![alt text](https://i.imgur.com/62tfu0kl.png)

5. Use the extension! (click Start instead of Ask to access the chat pop-up)

  ![alt text](https://i.imgur.com/g7w6Qgfl.png)

6. Accept the Authorization request & sign into google

  ![alt text](https://i.imgur.com/LbmKDmpl.png)
  
7. Click Advanced, go to ChatGPT & allow the scopes required

  ![alt text](https://i.imgur.com/D7gzZpal.png)


8. Get your result!

  ![alt text](https://i.imgur.com/MEidlLYl.png)
  
### MS Word

1. Open a new word document

2. Enable the Developer Tab on Word

3. Click Macros
  ![alt text](https://i.imgur.com/946Lupxl.png)

4. Create a new macro with the name AddToShortcut
  ![alt text](https://i.imgur.com/1DSMx78l.png)
  
5. Copy the code in `wordGPT/ask.bas` of this repo, and paste it into the Word VBA Editor

6. Click `Tools > References` in the navbar <br>
  ![alt text](https://i.imgur.com/eiWU4Ecl.png)

7. Search for Microsoft Scripting Runtime and enable it <br>
  ![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/67405604/205881130-c82f1ace-2c06-462e-a196-e7188077e9c5.png)

8. Click OK and Save the file containing the code you pasted.

9. Right click selected text in Word and click `Ask ChatGPT`

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/67405604/205882403-1fee052b-1a40-45e0-838b-f0c9268611ed.png)

10. Wait for your result! (Word may become temporarily unresponsive while waiting for the result)

Commit message:

Set Word add-on to async mode & update README

README.md, after:

<h1 align="center">
docGPT 📄
</h1>
<h2 align="center">
ChatGPT directly integrated into Google Docs 📑
</h2>


## Features 
- <b>Faster than [chat.openai.com](https://chat.openai.com)</b>
- <b>Free</b>
- <b>Live Chat Within Google Docs</b>
- <b>Text Completion</b>


## Usage

- **Google Docs**<br>
- **MS Word**<br>

### Google Docs

1. Get the template: https://docs.google.com/document/d/1N7qvw5mZdVe2u2IQ5pnVDmUjHsLEfq9_Z0Tf8PHloZA/edit?usp=sharing

2. Make a copy of the document

  ![alt text](https://i.imgur.com/YlWvBEzl.png)

3. Type something in your Google Doc

  ![alt text](https://i.imgur.com/287n0U0l.png)
  
4. Select your question, or whatever text you want to send to ChatGPT
  
  ![alt text](https://i.imgur.com/62tfu0kl.png)

5. Use the extension! (click Start instead of Ask to access the chat pop-up)

  ![alt text](https://i.imgur.com/g7w6Qgfl.png)

6. Accept the Authorization request & sign into google

  ![alt text](https://i.imgur.com/LbmKDmpl.png)
  
7. Click Advanced, go to ChatGPT & allow the scopes required

  ![alt text](https://i.imgur.com/D7gzZpal.png)


8. Get your result!

  ![alt text](https://i.imgur.com/MEidlLYl.png)
  
### MS Word

1. Open a new word document

2. Enable the Developer Tab on Word

3. Click Macros
  ![alt text](https://i.imgur.com/946Lupxl.png)

4. Create a new macro with the name AddToShortcut
  ![alt text](https://i.imgur.com/1DSMx78l.png)
  
5. Copy the code in `wordGPT/ask.bas` of this repo, and paste it into the Word VBA Editor

6. Click `Tools > References` in the navbar <br>
  ![alt text](https://i.imgur.com/eiWU4Ecl.png)

7. Search for Microsoft Scripting Runtime and enable it <br>
  ![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/67405604/205881130-c82f1ace-2c06-462e-a196-e7188077e9c5.png)

8. Click OK and Save the file containing the code you pasted.

9. Right click selected text in Word and click `Ask ChatGPT`

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/67405604/205882403-1fee052b-1a40-45e0-838b-f0c9268611ed.png)

1.  Wait for your result! (Currently it is not recommended to ask ChatGPT again before current question is answered, otherwise all the answers can be mixed up. Keyboard input is disabled while waiting for the result, see issue #9.)
